The owner of the house was a very good man.
He was very hard to deal with.
He was very good at it.
He was able to cut down a stick from the wall.
The stick was turned upside down.
When he looked at the wall, he saw a stick.
He was able to cut down the stick.
He was very good at it.
He gathered black steadily,
and then the base was turned quickly.
By many measures, he had collected blood.
I was really doing it myself.
I didn't realize...
He shrugged the hospitalater
Why did I do this?
It wasn't from Mercian defense...
I brought all the old ones, but I didn't bring the new ones.
I brought the old ones, but I didn't know that I had to buy them.
But I don't think it's right to say that they're 2 yen.
I asked the old man to open the box, but he said,
I'll tell you the price.
I asked how much they said.
They said 10 yen for 10 yen.
The old man said 5 yen.
The old man said they'd drink a lot on the land.
I said, I'll tell you the price.
The old man said 5 yen.
I asked the old man,
I told them the price.
I asked them,
The old man said 1 yen.
I told them the price.
I said, we can't do that.
I don't know where they are.
I can't help you.
You can't do that.
If you fight with your heart,
you'll be beaten up and kicked.
I can't help you.
I can't say that I brought them.
I'm sorry.